faq update wip (#1061)
pathoplexus/pathoplexus: monorepo/website/src/pages/about/faq.mdx

Pathoplexus is proud to work closely with [PHA4GE](https://pha4ge.org/), an international group working to establish better standards for public health and bioinformatics.
PHA4GE was also key in helping to develop Pathoplexus from the ground up.

Pathoplexus is a community-driven project. Its initial development was powered almost entirely by donated time and computational resources from the pathogen genomics community. Although we have now begun to receive [grants and donations](/about/funding), we are still heavily reliant on voluntary contributions of time and code (see our [members](../../about/members) and [development team](../../about/development-team)).

> You can find information on funding for the Loculus software that Pathoplexus runs on [here](https://loculus.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The software that underpins Pathoplexus, Loculus, is an open-source academic project. You find out more about Loculus, as well as how it is funded, [here](https://loculus.org/).
```

</details>

<details>

> <summary> <span class="faq">Where does Pathoplexus get its data?</span> </summary>

Author: this is not removed, just the diff gets confused
